# Faithful Fan
It is 5 in the evening, and I am all alone in the house, lying on the bed looking at the ceiling, observing the fan that has been with my family longer than I have. There is something peculiarly irritating about it. It's that periodic sound of it. This makes my mind, think about the theories of frequency in physics to the mathematical functions and even poems and chapters of literature where the fan has been observed creatively and transformed in the form of words. I realized that my mind subconsciously had already made numerous failed efforts to figure out something poetic about the fan by itself. All I could notice was that faithful frequent sound and that controlled constant speed of it.

Like the fan, My thoughts were stuck and rotating about the same axis. With each revolution of the fan, my head was getting heavier. I feel like I could use a brief nap. At the same time, I also find myself doing nothing productive. If I  choose to lie on my bed and close my eyes to give myself the liberty of a few minutes of sleep, I might feel fresh again, but what's the guarantee that it will be the case? What if my head is heavier than before? Can I afford to risk it at the cost of disturbing my night's sleep schedule? Will it certainly make me feel like I have utilized my time at the fullest capacity with the wisest decision? Another option could be to get up from the bed and switch the fan off, then do something productive. But again what is the guarantee that I will feel fulfilled doing that? Was it the wisest decision as far as my time is being considered?

I wonder if there is a strange analogy between my life and the fan too. Being productive I think is analogous to the ON state of the fan. Here, I am making that periodic effort to try to do things ideally. On the other hand, my sleep will make me feel fulfilled. In this case, I am unable to do anything that is considered productive just like a switched-off fan.

It's 7 in the evening, and I just opened my eyes. I am experiencing a headache. As I am getting my senses back about myself and my surroundings, I give a thought to what I concluded about my fan analogy situation. These analogies had to leave my headspace as the spectrum of thoughts conquered it.
